[Ruby] Add OpenStruct exercise (#1945)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/ostruct/.docs/introduction.md

> Ruby comes with a Standard Library - a collection of classes for working with things such as dates, json, and networking.

Reviewer: Nice and concise introduction.

> Ruby comes with a Standard Library - a collection of classes for working with things such as dates, json, and networking.

Author: ```suggestion
Ruby comes with a Standard Library (often shortened to "stdlib") - a collection of classes for working with things such as dates, json, and networking.
```

> The also provide some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It provides some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.
```

Author: ```suggestion
It also provide some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.
```

(I want the "also" as it's an addition to the classes I mention above), but the The -> It is a good spot, thanks :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also provides some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.
```

"it" then makes the "provide" plural.

Reviewer 2: This is "outdated" will check the current version.

> It also provide some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also provides some useful functionality for making your code easier to work with.
```

Reviewer 2: Here it is. ;)

> `OpenStruct` is part of the standard library and allows you to easily create an object from a hash. Rather than having to access using hash keys, `OpenStruct` instead allows us to use methods to access and set values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`OpenStruct` is part of the Standard Library and allows you to easily create an object from a hash. Rather than accessing `Hash` keys, `OpenStruct` instead allows us to use methods to access and set values.
```

Author: The [Ruby docs](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.5.1/Hash.html) refer to "hash keys" as normal test, so I don't think we need to captialise/code-brace it.

```suggestion
`OpenStruct` is part of the Standard Library and allows you to easily create an object from a hash. Rather than having to access using hash keys, `OpenStruct` instead allows us to use methods to access and set values.
```

> `OpenStruct` is part of the Standard Library and allows you to easily create an object from a hash. Rather than having to access using hash keys, `OpenStruct` instead allows us to use methods to access and set values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`OpenStruct` is part of the Standard Library and allows you to easily create an object from a `Hash`. Rather than having to access using `Hash` keys, `OpenStruct` instead allows us to use methods to access and set values.
```

> When using classes from the Standard Library, or any other library, you need to require that class using the `require` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using classes that are not from the Core Library, such as from Standard Library, we need to require that class using the `require` method.
```

Reviewer 2: This implies any other libraries, and gives Standard Library as an example of a "Not Core Library".

```ruby
require 'ostruct'

attributes = { name: "Jeremy Walker", age: 21, location: "Nomadic" }
person = OpenStruct.new(attributes)

person.name
#=> Jeremy Walker

person.location
#=> Nomadic

# Update the age
person.age = 35

# It sets correctly
person.age

> #=> 21

Reviewer 2: This seems to be incorrect, as the setter should have set it to 35, I think.  Is the comment "stale"?

Author: ```suggestion
#=> 35
```

```

> One bonus advantage of this is that you can take advantage of a shortcut when using block syntax. In situations where a block calls a single method, you can replace the block with `&:` followed by the method name. For example, these two lines are synonymous:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows us to take advantage of a shortcut when using block syntax. In situations where a block calls a single method, you can replace the block with `&:` followed by the method name. For example, these two lines are synonymous:
```

Reviewer 2: Why is this different than defining a method ourselves and gaining the "shortcut" when using block syntax?  How is it better?  So is it the magic of OpenStruct that is giving us that benefit?  Or is it because we aren't using a Hash?  (In other words, show the way, maybe of doing the same thing not using `OpenStruct`. (or `Struct`… why are we going to Standard Library here instead of exploring `Struct`, again?)

Author: > Why is this different than defining a method ourselves and gaining the "shortcut" when using block syntax? 

Because we don't have to define a method ourselves?

What would the equivelent implementation of this be with a Struct:
```
    @items = items.map { |item| OpenStruct.new(item) }
```

Reviewer 2: For the "metaprogramming" nature of it?  That is what I am reading from this (I may be off-track though).

If we don't know what our keys are going to be, then we might do this with Struct:

```ruby
inventory = Struct.new(*items[0].keys)
manifest = items.map {|item| inventory.new(*item.values)}
manifest.sum(&:price)
```
My sample `items` list (`Array` of `Hash`es:

```ruby
items = [
  {
    name: 'Rose: yellow',
    price: 1.99,
    description: 'Single yellow rose, long stem'
  },
  {
    name: 'Tulip',
    price: 1.20,
    description: 'Red tulip, freshly picked from our own garden'
  }
]
```

I will admit, I don't use either of them very often.  Last time I looked at the performance and details of using them was likely in 2014, when OpenStruct was slower because at east instantiation of OpenStruct memory was remapped, which made it a fairly expensive thing to use if it was instantiating often.

Author: So simply:
```ruby
 @items = items.map { |item| OpenStruct.new(item) }
```

Is just much simpler to get your head around than:

```ruby
inventory = Struct.new(*items[0].keys)
@items = items.map {|item| inventory.new(*item.values)}
```

That's why I'd use OpenStruct :)

Reviewer 2: Well, the exercise is all about `OpenStruct`, so it makes sense, of course, to use it.
